do you wake up in the morning with a
cliche gone the over-exaggerated stretch
do you stare at yourself in the mirror
and think
crap I got a shave well buck up fellas
the grooming lounge can solve your
morning blues it's called the rachet and
five easy steps do the trick step one
clean your face of any dirt dead skin or
ingrown hairs rub on and rinse off a
targeted facial cleanser or gentle
facial scrub
don't use the bar soap you use on your
chest step two massage a gentle she
boiled into a warm wet beer shave up
lift whiskers and provide a slick razor
surface then activate with h2o that's
water
bonehead step 3 rub in a detergent free
shave cream don't use a cheap foam step
4 using a clean blade with a sturdy
handle shave with the grain don't use a
disposable Keys use short strokes
rinsing the blade often address easy
areas first allowing sensitive areas to
marinate only go against the grain when
you need to get stubborn hairs and when
you think you're done double check to
make certain no nasty patches get left
behind wrap things up by splashing some
cold water on freshly shaved skin
and calm things down by applying a
soothing and moisturizing Coast shave
balm whatever you do don't use an
alcohol base aftershave that's bad bad
bad rub a little extra into sensitive
areas and let it soak in that's it
you're done now start your day up
Butthead come here give me a smooch or
more solutions on how to look and feel
more handsome and more tips on how to
not tear up your face visit the grooming
lounge calm